-Use <leader>-. and <leader>-, for 'jump to def' and 'back to prev', as they do
 in most modes. IIRC this is not actually straightforward to do, but it would
 sure beat hopping into insert mode and back out all the time when I'm
 navigating.

-Finish tweaks/submit PR for aggressive-fill-paragraph-mode.

-Suppress aggressive-fill-paragraph-mode while directly above or below markdown
 code blocks.

-Try integrating web-mode-edit-element into my markup editing style. If it
 works out, delete my prototypical work on making tagedit work with web-mode in
 favor of it, per this comment of mine:
 https://github.com/magnars/tagedit/pull/15#issuecomment-260336539

-Submit PR to make flycheck-eslint-rulesdir a list.

-Make js-doc use Tern (when available) to guess types for function params.

-I'd like to have a hotkey that brings up my most recent terminal. I'd also
 like terminal windows to always appear in a bottom window of my current frame,
 which is probably a need popwin would achieve admirably. I used to think I
 wanted something more like a tabbed terminal emulator, and maybe I will want
 some keybindings for flipping between groups of terminal buffers, but that's
 secondary to just establishing "terminal buffers get the bottom window". I
 have just installed term-projectile, which seems to handle the create and swap
 features - I just need to teach popwin how to force terminals to always
 display in the bottom half of a split panel properly. N.B.: shackle may be a
 significantly better alternative to popwin:
 https://github.com/wasamasa/shacklehttps://github.com/wasamasa/shacklo

-Figure out why git-rebase-mode doesn't always have the keybindings it claims
 to. I think it happens the first time I rebase after starting Emacs, so it's
 likely an initialization problem, but I'm not really sure.

-Use smtpmail-queue-mail and some network up/down notifier to automatically
 queue mail if offline and to automatically send it when back online.

-Make the ansi-term tweaks suggested in this article:
 http://echosa.github.io/blog/2012/06/06/improving-ansi-term/

-Consider using project-shells for managing shells? I've installed it just so I
 have it around should I decide to try it.

-Add keybindings for goto-chg commands and start using them.

-Fix the issue where leaving a Python buffer reverts point to position 0. I'm
 guessing this is due to some piece of python-mode config I have, likely Jedi?
 It seems the most likely offender.

-Figure out why I'm not getting js2-mode as my javascript mode. I thought I
 was, but something has clearly changed that...

-js2-mode indents constructs like this:

 var foo = {
         bar: 'baz'
     },
     biz = 12;

 incorrectly (or at least not how I like it to). Figure out why, fix it.

-Make aggressive-fill-paragraph-mode work better in js2-mode. Right now, if you
 fill a comment of the form

 /**
  *      This is a paragraph that goes for a way and then eventually should wrap to a second line.
  */

 it does not properly indent the second line up to the first.

 Research suggests afp-only-fill-comments uses fill-comment-paragraph, which
 seems to work with //-style comments, but not C-style comments, I think due to
 comment-start being // in js2-mode.

 js-mode itself uses js-c-fill-paragraph when you press M-q - it's the value
 of fill-paragraph-function.

 So what if we hack the comment-filling code to use it?

 Why, that works just beautifully.

 I am currently running with a change that makes the only-fill-comments mode
 just suppress filling unless we're in a comment.

 As I suspected, though, that fails in modes whose fill logic does more than
 just comments.

 We could probably work around that by narrowing to the current comment before
 filling takes place, via save-restriction.

 Finding the current comment's extent is not quite simple, alas. There does not
 seem to be a built-in function for doing it.

 comment-search-{forward,backward} finds comment starts, but of course multiple
 single-line comments in a row confuse it dreadfully. And I see no built-in way
 to determine where a comment ends.

 So, to go down this route, I would need to write a general function that can
 find the bounds of the current comment, for both single- and multi-line
 comments. :/

 On reflection, that shouldn't be too hard. For multiline comments, just find
 the comment's start and the comment's end.

 For single-line comments, from the current line, work backwards until you find
 a line that doesn't contain just whitespace or comment syntax. Then work
 forward until you find a line that doesn't contain just whitespace/comment
 syntax. Maybe require that the comments all be indented to the same depth,
 too.

 ...furthermore, if I actually got this working generically, I could finally
 have my stupid 'comment' text object for evil.

 http://emacs.stackexchange.com/a/19711 claims the general feature for both
 single- and multi-line comments exists, and points to the Emacs docs, so yay.

-Consider using suppression functions to implement afp's fill-comments-only
 feature? I feel like it would be more robust than the current approach, but
 perhaps I'm mistaken. I also think it might solve some of my js2-mode issues,
 though I'm not sure of that (I think changing the fill function from the
 default is where they come from).

-Add afp-super-aggressive to aggressive-fill-paragraph-mode to bundle up my
 proposed changes per the maintainer's suggestion.

-Make aggressive-fill-paragraph-mode suppress auto-fill in markdown-mode code
 blocks. I thought it was supposed to, but in the traditional four-space
 indented code blocks, it doesn't seem to work for me.

-Figure out why entering '/**<RET>' in js2-mode results in a proper comment
 block if you wait a bit before pressing Enter, but a weird string
 concatenation if you press it quickly.

-Make json-mode.el print paths more minimally (use .name instead of ["name"])?
 Maybe it's that way cause it's not supported everywhere.

-Add function for injecting JS from arbitrary URL into documents.
 There's already one for using bower, but being able to just grab any URL could
 be handy, especially if you're in a locked-down environment.

-Look into integrating jscs.el with my JS editing flow. I've already installed
 the elisp library just so I have it around. I much prefer ESLint for style
 checking, but if jscs can *fix* the style failures for me, that would be quite
 nice. Note that newer ESLint versions have some support for fixing violations.

-Add tern-lint.el to my JS setup. Static type checking is a handy thing (and I
 personally find flow's comment-annotation syntax too intrusive for good
 readability).

-Report issue with Tern seeing 'this' as the global namespace in Angular
 controller functions. Controllers always have constructor semantics, and
 should be treated as such.

-Report dontLoad being overridden by loadEagerly in .tern-project. I would
 expect the opposite behavior.

-For vars that are assigned a function directly, tern should treat any
 immediately-preceding JSDoc block as being that var's JSDoc. See pick in
 lodash 4.13.1 for an example of failure.

-Add php-auto-yasnippet-style function params to tern.js.

-I'd like yasnippets for JavaScript. I don't much like the defaults.

-Report and/or fix yasnippet issue where loading js2-mode's snippets doesn't
 load its parent-mode's snippets.

-Add flycheck-css-colorguard: http://melpa.org/#/flycheck-css-colorguard

-css-mode should have working comment fill. Right now it only believes in
 single-line comments, which gets clumsy and annoying fast.

...it looks like someone may have actually fixed this:
 https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/emacs-diffs/2015-04/msg00293.html

 Further research shows that css-fill-paragraph works, but there are two issues
 with my current setup using current css-mode:

     * RET binding does not insert the appropriate comment prefix.

       php-mode gets this right. So does c-mode. Ah, right - because php-mode is
       a big hack on top of c-mode.

       It looks like c-mode has its own function implementing the
       comment-and-newline behavior, while I'm using comment-indent-new-line.
       It works fine in most modes, but not css-mode.

       Supposedly setting 'comment-multi-line' to non-nil should solve this, but
       it doesn't.

       ...inspection via edebug suggests comment-indent-new-line is expecting
       fill-prefix to be set by adaptive-fill, but it's nil. How's that
       supposed to work?

       fill-prefix is used on the assumption that it's a normal fill-prefix,
       then a few lines later it's used as if it's chosen by adaptive-fill, but
       with no logic to actually invoke adaptive-fill.

       If I run fill-context-prefix manually on a decent-sized hunk of CSS
       comment, it returns " * ", as you'd hope.

       So how can I make that apply in this context?

     * fill-paragraph does not work correctly on a one-line paragraph that is
       wider than fill-column. It works fine in other cases, and auto-fill
       itself *does* work fine in that case.

-ac-source-css-property and ac-source-css-property-names are missing a bunch of
 bleeding-edge CSS 3 stuff. Get that in there. Ideally, generated from the
 spec, along with basic docs, and adding ';' at the end of property values.

-Maybe add ac-html-csswatcher package to my setup. Parses CSS/LESS files in your
 project to give you a class/ID ac-source when writing HTML.

-It would be awesome to have a flycheck module that gave warnings/errors based
 on (configurable) browsers you just violated support for. The caniuse data
 makes this feasible, but maybe a royal pain.

-Bind '<leader> p s' to helm-projectile-ag, with fallback to the regular grep
 command. (feature request in helm-projectile-ag?)

-Make projectile refresh cache on idle, and always use cache? I can touch
 .projectile if I want to force a refresh. Then again, this is only noticeable
 on my work machine... Enable if file listing takes more than N milliseconds?

-Fix ':' choking projectile grep searches on Windows.

-I would like an auto-complete source for existing files that is based on a
 per-project 'docroot/static' variable. I would like that source to be
 activated when I am working in a template and have entered an href="/..." or a
 src="/...". Actually, it might work better if it was just activated for any
 string beginning with '/'. Some hints:
 http://superuser.com/questions/67170/how-do-i-complete-file-paths-in-emacs

-Figure out how to make smartparens interact nicely with web-mode. '{{' and
 '{%' don't work right when both are on, but I don't see a way to ban
 multi-character sequences from smartparens, and I don't want to lose pairing
 braces in CSS and JS.

 Years later, I just realized it would help to only activate smartparens when
 I'm in JS, CSS, or a server-side language, since I'm usually writing '{{' and
 '{%' in markup, not genuine languages.

-I should have Twig/Django snippets. 'block' is the obvious one, but probably
 snippets for all the major bits of syntax would be handy, and someone out
 there must have written such things.

-Figure out how to run afp-fill-paragraph after kill-region *only* if the user
 called it interactively. It's often used in code which can lead to weird
 results inside comments.

-Make afp-fill-paragraph play better with <RET> <RET> in emacs lisp comments.
 The second <RET> loses the leading space, so you then have to type a space
 with something other than self-insert-function to actually make your new
 paragraph.

-Use Consolas-10 as font by default on Windows.

-Look into midi-kbd.el and lily-midi.el as an aid in creating lilypond files
 with MIDI instruments.

-Try using avy-mode instead of ace-jump-mode. It lets you see both chars for
 the target at once, which should make jumping significantly smoother.

-Try smooth-scrolling package and see if it makes my life any better:
 https://github.com/aspiers/smooth-scrolling

-Simpler alternative to file watchers, perhaps:
 https://github.com/wasamasa/firestarter

-Get ac-isearch working when auto-completion is active. I think my
 global-set-key of C-s to regex searching currently overrides it.

-Extract jedi-force to be an ELPA package. I was thinking of adding more
 features, but it might be fine as it is.

-Get evil-escape to recognize my escape keystroke when Caps Lock is on. That
 might be simple, or it might be convoluted - not sure. Issue:
 https://github.com/syl20bnr/evil-escape/issues/72

-Get evil-escape to play nicely with aggressive-fill-mode. When it enters the
 first of your two characters, it can trigger a fill action. When it deletes
 that character, aggressive-fill-mode is not triggered, so you can wind up with
 improperly-wrapped paragraphs. I imagine some advice could solve this?
 key-chord-mode does not have this issue, because it just doesn't enter text
 until it's sure you're not doing a key chord, which is a little more seamless
 for me, but I'm sure tastes vary.

-Integrate what's useful from spacemacs: https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs
 I've got most of what I want, but evil-little-word could be nice.

-Add evil text object/motion for 'comment', 'inner comment', 'around comment',
 etc. Sometimes I find myself trying to think in those terms.

-Make comment auto-fill work with C++-style comments in js2-mode, not just
 C-style. Turns out it does - it's just that js2-mode thinks single-line
 comments are only block comments if there's a trailing single-line comment. A
 better test might be "is there a preceding single-line comment". See
 js2-mode-extend-comment for the logic that would need tweaking.

-Make auto-fill apply to strings in emacs-lisp-mode. Really seems like this
 should already be happening. Dunno why it doesn't.

-Get Emacs to auto-fill with string concatenation in JS (and similar langs).
 That is, something like this
 var foo = 'foo is ' +
           'a set of ' +
           'really short strings';

 if filled, becomes

 var foo = 'foo is a set of really short strings';

 Smart prefix detection would be a nice bonus feature, as when writing shell
 scripts I frequently find myself doing the 'echo "string"' dance, and the
 default fill-paragraph command in sh-mode has no idea how to handle it.

-Figure out why mo-git-blame isn't using mo-git-blame-git-blame-args.

-Use zebra striping to make mo-git-blame/target buffer more readable.
 https://github.com/sabof/stripe-buffer might do the job...

-Get mo-git-blame set up to spawn a new frame of a useful size. It's hard to
 use in a regular frame.

-Figure out how to use mo-git-blame a little better. It's supposed to support
 iterative blame (e.g. "blame from previous commit"), but I don't see how so
 far.

-If I ever get minimap.el usable on OS X, when active it should appear between
 my two panes. That way it's always close to whichever buffer it applies to.
 Note: the sublimity package looks like it may be more maintained.

-Tweak md-readme.el so that author/created/requires lines are headers *without*
 colons, whose bodies are the text following the colon-delimited field names.
 el2markdown is another package to do a similar job - maybe it's better?

-File feature request to flycheck for being able to run checkers while in
 web-mode. May well get rejected, because supporting this would be pretty hard.

-Add keybindings for scrolling completion window by a full window-ful. C-v and
 M-v are the obvious ones. Useful when you're digging through something like wx
 or the JDK looking for a class that might apply.

-Make smart-dash-mode in sh-mode prefer _s when typing var names, and -s when
 typing most other things (options, filenames, etc). I think that reflects my
 experience of having it active in sh-mode. I believe this behavior could be
 built by offering a list of modes where $ should be treated as a variable
 sigil, and in those modes no heuristic is necessary - if point is in a string
 matching \$[a-zA-Z0-9_]+, you *know* you should insert a _. Should probably
 file the suggestion with the author.

-Derive a lightweight envrc-mode from sh-mode and add support for
 direnv-specific things like PATH_add. Google suggests none exists.

-Make a PR to auto-complete for supporting smart-dash-mode.

-Add a workaround to web-mode-init so smart-dash-mode knows when we're in a
 comment.

-Make a PR to yasnippet for my solution to the 'once' snippet overriding the
 'require_once' snippet.

-Find a workaround that will let me use auto-complete in a yasnippet tab field.
 A keybinding other than Tab for auto-complete would work, but it might be
 possible to bind something clever to Tab that picks which maneuver to do based
 on whether there are any characters before point *and* whether autocompletion
 has been invoked before while in this field. or something like that.

-Add a command to backup-walker to revert to the selected backup file. 'r'
 would be a good keybinding. If this doesn't already exist, it might make sense
 to wrap this up with my other backup settings as 'sane-autosaves'. See if
 backups-mode makes this work nicely?
 https://github.com/chadbraunduin/backups-mode

-Add a command to backup-walker to ediff against the current file.

-Generate autoloads for my mode configs (and other code I've hacked up myself)
 from autoload cookie comments, rather than maintaining them manually. Might
 fit well into my commit hook setup?

-As a simple exercise to start learning macros, try implementing PHP's
 "defaulting" ternary operator behavior. The example I emailed myself was
 (setq (default (= 3 foo) 5)), where 'default' is the macro, presumably.

-If I ever start using multiple windows more seriously, window-numbering-mode
 might be handy. http://nschum.de/src/emacs/window-numbering-mode/

-Research PHP parsing tools/infrastructure that might be adapted to an Emacs
 plugin for code comprehension/refactoring/etc. If eclim works out, I might not
 need anything else. A few possibilities follow:

-Get lsp-mode working with auto-complete for completions.

 lsp-mode says completion-at-point should just work, but that has not been my
 experience so far. It crashes with the error message "Wrong type argument:
 stringp, nil".

 completion-at-point-functions is just lsp-completion-at-point, which when run
 at point returns something, so presumably what it returns isn't, in the end,
 quite what completion-at-point needs.

 Figuring out what's wrong here probably means a serious debugging session. It
 probably can't hurt to file a bug report first, though.

-Consider integrating lsp-mode with php-auto-yasnippet? May or may not be worth
 doing.

-Get lsp-mode and php-language-server showing function summaries in minibuffer,
 not just function signatures.

-ac-php looks like it does a lot of what I'd need, as a newcomer to the party:
 https://github.com/xcwen/ac-php

-Install/configure php-scratch, as it could be handy for quick experiments.

-If I ever have to go back to programming Java, try using emacs-eclim for
 auto-complete and jump-to-def. It should let me stay in Emacs while getting
 Eclipse's most useful features.

-php-mode should not move sigils when swapping words with M-t.
 $this_thing => thing_$this is not what we want.

-It would be really sweet to get yasnippet's bracket placement to do the Right
 Thing based on major-mode, placing them on the newline or on the same line
 intelligently. I'm guessing that can be achieved by applying elisp to the
 templates. This was inspired by making changes to the php-mode snippets to do
 bracket placement the way I like. Someone's done some work that was approved
 of by another guy on the yasnippet blog, and they've said any extensions would
 not be accepted into yasnippet:
 http://comments.gmane.org/gmane.emacs.yasnippet.devel/403

-The PHP function/method snippets should have a header comment by default. For
 every parameter you add, an @param line should be inserted in the header
 comment.

-Jump-to-definition for bash could be handy, for those cases where the scripts
 have grown enough to have a few different include files. Often that means you
 should just rewrite in another language, but I can imagine legitimate cases. I
 suspect you could roll your own with this snippet for figuring out where a
 function came from, and some parsing of PATH for commands:
 http://superuser.com/a/229038

-Improved bash auto-complete while writing scripts would be nice, too. Search
 "$PATH" when writing commands, for instance (first word on line/first word
 inside subshells, first word in if, etc). Course, really you'd need a bash
 parser to get that right, but a handful of simple cases could probably just be
 hardcoded.

-In bash, having smart-dash-mode prefer dashes if the current word begins with
 '--' would probably make life a lot better.

-Adjust emacs env when editing files with a dominating direnv file (.envrc).
 This might slow things down, because you might have to change the env every
 time you changed buffers. Just a (crazy?) thought on how to make life a little
 nicer.

-bash snippets would be nice: https://github.com/bmaland/yasnippet-sh-mode

-Write/get a PHP snippet for array keyval. '$key’ => $val,

-Write/get a PHP snippet for constructors. Really, this should just be a part
 of a class snippet. The point is that it would save a lot of typing to have
 one in the style of the Python one, especially since args should be
 initialized at the class level.

-My SQL-in-PHP code does not work with queries that are built using
 concatenation, which some do (especially in crappy legacy codebases). See my
 email inbox for examples.

-Try using polymode to get YaML + markdown-mode for working in nateeag.com page
 files.

-Debug mmm-mode, php-mode, and sql-mode enough to uncomment my sql-mode
 embedding in php-mode.

-If particularly bored, try getting GEBEN set up for debugging PHP. I'm
 uncertain whether this would actually be worth the effort.

-Next time I have to work against a DB server, install emacs-edbi and
 edbi-minor-mode:
 https://github.com/kiwanami/emacs-edbi,
 https://github.com/proofit404/edbi-minor-mode
 Looks like it should beat the pants off sql-mode, even if it does depend on
 Perl.

-sql-mode appears to be a far more powerful beast than I had ever really
 appreciated. I should look into setting up and learning the server
 interaction components, which could make my life so much less painful. Of
 particular note is http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/SqlWithPlaceholders.

-Look into sql-mode-driven autocompletion. It might be useful.

-I would like my sql-mode to do a better job with font-lock. It does very
 poorly at dealing with strings that have backslashed quotes. Could this be
 solved by some regex-tweaking? Scuttlebutt on the net suggests that there's a
 toggleable setting.

-I should enable the rst-mode yasnippets when in rst-mode.

-I'd also like context-sensitive paragraph filling. That is, in comments, my
 fill-column value is 79, but if I'm in a Python docstring, fill-column should
 be 72. Apparently this is fixed in a Jan. 2013 commit to python-mode.el.

-Figure out what the best way to save/restore my Emacs sessions is. Ideally,
 find a solution that lets me save/restore buffer state for a whole directory,
 but not for ones I haven't configured. I bet combining one of the existing
 packages with a bit of elisp and .dir-locals.el would do the job.

-Figure out/steal/write a good cross-file find-and-replace. I can see why so
 many guys just use a Perl one-liner (which I have), but being able to do this
 from inside your editor is pretty convenient, especially if you want to do
 query-replace.

-Look into anaconda-mode. It appears to be a wrapper around Jedi that might add
 a bit more intelligence, or something? Popped up in list-packages today.

-Think about whether I should pull ropemode back into python-mode; I never
 really used the refactoring tools, but maybe I should.

-Set up ispell to use run-together words *outside* of comments and strings in
 programming modes. It results in tons of noise everywhere else.

-Delete trailing whitespace *only* from comments in diff-mode.

-When I'm yanking something into an indented block, python-mode ought to assume
 that I want it indented to that block's depth and adjust the leading
 whitespace for each line accordingly. This applies to indentation in general;
 it might work in most modes, for all I know. With Python, there's the
 perennial problem of no delimiters; it's not necessarily right to go to the
 highest possible indentation on a newline. For yanking, though, I'll bet it's
 the right call most of the time. If it's not, you're just an indent command
 away from having the right depth.

-Figure out why pyimpsort.el throws an error for me. It has something to do
 with my config - emacs -Q with package set up, then requiring python-mode and
 pyimpsort works. One of my addons (possibly jedi-force?) is causing the error.

-Fix which-func-ff-hook error: (void-function py--imenu-create-index-function).
 Might be related to above - they both seem likely to involve a variable being
 defined at the wrong time.

-Frequently, especially when writing prose, I find my fingers doing the dance
 any given editor requires to swap elements in a comma-separated list. Seems
 like that shouldn't require too many keystrokes. I'm sure Emacs can do this
 with a bit of hacking, and maybe it already does...

-A mode in which English grammatical rules are automatically applied to
 anything that looks like a sentence. For instance, when I refactor a sentence,
 it ought to know that the first word gets capitalized. That might be the only
 thing I actually want, come to think of it...

-I would like multiline comments to be hidden after the first line by default,
 with an easy way to toggle full comment display.

-I'd really like a code folding minor-mode - just lets you hide/show blocks of
 code, by saying basically "fold at this line" and "unfold at this line".
 I have started playing with hide/show mode, and it's not perfect, but it does
 more or less what I want for now.

-It might be nice to store all byte-compiled files in a single byte-cache
 folder. It's probably not worth much hassle, though, since I have hooks
 generating them and they're gitignored.
